README.md, before:

React Native + Redux + Jest + Firebase





## Requirements 


### Brew installs 
```
node 
watchman
```
  
### Npm installs
```
react-native-cli: npm install -g react-native-cli
cocoapods : sudo gem install cocoapods (from ios directory)
```

## Npm Links
```
react-native link react-native-svg
```

## Initialize Firebase
```
Follow instructions here
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50815094/react-native-the-default-firebaseapp-is-not-initialized-react-native-firebas

```


### Mac installs
```
xcode 
xcode command line tools
```


### Adding React Native Vector Icons
```
if standard react native link <package> is not working

Shows how to manually add fonts https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyPuQmGE2HE

```


React Native specific install instructions
https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase-starter


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8461528/replace-github-repo-while-preserving-issues-wiki-etc
Blowing away entire repo and starting from scratch without losing git history

Commit message:

Added custom fonts back in and a few other misc files

README.md, after:

React Native + Redux + Jest + Firebase





## Requirements 


### Brew installs 
```
node 
watchman
```
  
### Npm installs
```
react-native-cli: npm install -g react-native-cli
cocoapods : sudo gem install cocoapods (from ios directory)
```

## Npm Links
```
react-native link should link all assets like custom fonts

react-native link react-native-vector-icons will link that package
```

## Initialize Firebase
```
Follow instructions here
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50815094/react-native-the-default-firebaseapp-is-not-initialized-react-native-firebas

```

## Adding custom font
```
Bring over fonts folder, then run react-native link
to link the assets that are declared under rnpm in 
package.json
```

### Mac installs
```
xcode 
xcode command line tools
```


### Adding React Native Vector Icons
```
if standard react native link <package> is not working

Shows how to manually add fonts https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyPuQmGE2HE

```


React Native specific install instructions
https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase-starter


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8461528/replace-github-repo-while-preserving-issues-wiki-etc
Blowing away entire repo and starting from scratch without losing git history
